Instruction fix for CT webhook trigger (#144)
rhoai-mlops/lab-instructions: docs/3-from-studio-to-stage/5-continuous-training-pipelines.md

    ![add-webhook.png](./images/add-webhook.png)

>     You can trigger the webhook by creating an empty commit on the Jukebox repository. Just add a new row to the `README.md` file and click on `Commit changes`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can trigger the webhook by creating a commit on the Jukebox repository. Let's simulate that quickly!
    Navigate back to Jukebox files by clicking `<> Code`.
    
    ![jukebox-gitea.png](./images/jukebox-gitea.png)
    
    Open up `README.md` file and click ✏ to edit.
    
    ![jukebox-edit-readme.png](./images/jukebox-edit-readme.png)
    
    Just add a new row to the file and click on `Commit changes`:
```
